Add asset transfer series documentation to Fabric samples README (#251)
hyperledger/fabric-samples: README.md

| [High throughput](high-throughput) | Learn how you can design your smart contracts to process a large volume of transactions. | |
| [Chaincode](chaincode) | A set of sample smart contracts used by other samples and the tutorials in the Fabric documentation. | [Fabric tutorials](https://hyperledger-fabric.readthedocs.io/en/master/tutorials.html) |

### Asset transfer smart contract series

> The Asset transfer series provides a series of smart contracts and applications that you can use to manage and transfer assets using Hyperledger Fabric. Each smart contract creates a generic asset and can transfer the asset to new owner. However, each sample is built with different smart contract and application APIs to order to demonstrate different Fabric features. The **Basic** sample provides an introduction to how smart contracts work on Fabric, and how the Fabric SDK's can be used to build applications that can interact with Fabric networks. The **Secured agreement** sample demonstrates how to use more advanced capabilities.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The Asset transfer series provides a series of smart contracts and applications that you can use to manage and transfer assets using Hyperledger Fabric. Each smart contract creates a generic asset and can transfer the asset to a new owner. However, each sample is built with different smart contract and application APIs in order to demonstrate different Fabric features. The **Basic** sample provides an introduction to how smart contracts works on Fabric, and how the Fabric SDK's can be used to build applications that can interact with Fabric networks. The **Secured agreement** sample demonstrates how to use more advanced capabilities.
```

Author: Tweeking this paragraph:  
The asset transfer series provides a series of smart contracts and applications that you can use to create and transfer a generic asset using Hyperledger Fabric. However, each sample is built with different smart contract and application APIs in order to demonstrate different Fabric features. The **Basic** sample provides an introduction on how to write smart contracts and how to interact with a Fabric network using the Fabric SDKs. The **Secured agreement** sample demonstrates how to use more advanced capabilities to develop a more realistic transfer scenario.

|  **Smart Contract** | **Description** | **Tutorial** | **Smart contract languages** | **Application languages** |
| -----------|------------------------------|----------|---------|---------|

> | [Basic](asset-transfer-basic) | The Basic sample smart contract that allows you create and transfer an asset by putting and getting data from the ledger. This sample is recommended for new Fabric users. | **Coming soon** | Go, JavaScript, Typescript | JavaScript, Typescript |

Reviewer 2: that allows you **to** create and transfer an asset by putting **data on the ledger and retrieving it**.

Author: done.

Author: done.

> | [Ledger queries](asset-transfer-ledger-queries) | The ledger queries sample that demonstrates how to deploy an index with your chaincode and issue rich queries when you are using CouchDB as your state database. | **Coming soon** | Go | **Coming soon** |

Reviewer 2: sample that demonstrates -> sample demonstrates

Author: done.

> | [Private data](asset-transfer-private-data) | This sample demonstrates the use of private data collections and how the private data hash can be used to verify an agreement before executing the transfer | **Coming soon** | Go | **Coming soon** |

Reviewer 2: executing the transfer -> executing a transfer

Author: done

> | [Private data](asset-transfer-private-data) | This sample demonstrates the use of private data collections and how private data can be used as an input of a public agreement. | **Coming soon** | Go | **Coming soon** |

Reviewer: suggestion to add:
"how private data hash can be used to verify an agreement before executing the transfer"

Author: Like that, done.
